Fix/doc 4308 (#120)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/Gamification.rst

Badges
=======================

.. _Leaderboard:

=============
Leaderboard 
=============

.. _MyAchievements:

=================
My achievements
=================

You can follow your earned points and badges through an inteface called "My achievements".
To visit this interface, simply :ref:`access your profile <Access-profile>` and then 
click on *My achievements* application from the applications navigation bar.

|image5|

In this interface, you have two tabs: ``MyPoints`` and ``MyBadges``.

.. _MyPoints:

In this view, you can see these elements:

-  your total points

> -  a table listing the events which allowed you to gain points. This table is composed by these fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  a table listing the events which allowed you to earn points. This table is composed by these fields:
```

>    -  The user avatar with whom you or he reacted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  The user involved in the interaction
```

>    -  The event you or another user made and which allowed you to gain points

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  The event you or another user made and which allowed you to earn points
```

   -  The date of the event

>    -  The set of points you earned following the previously cited event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  The amount of points you earned following the previously cited event
```

   -  The domain of the event

|image6|

.. _MyBadges: 

> In the ``MyBadges`` view, you can see all the available badges in each domain with statuses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the ``MyBadges`` screen, you can see all the badges available in each domain with statuses:
```

> -  *Enabled status*: when the badge is fully colored which means that you already earned this badge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  *Acquired*: when the badge is fully colorized it means that you already earned this badge
```

> -  *Disabled status*: when the badge is fully greyed which means that you did not yet earned the badge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  *Not acquired*: when the badge is fully greyed, it means that you did not earn the badge yet
```

> -  *Half enabled status*: When the badge is partially colored which means that your earned points in the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  *in progress*: When the badge is partially colorized it means that you started earning points in the 
```

>    domain of that badge are between the  minimum and the maximum points of that badge. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   domain of that badge, but you've not yet reached the required threshold. 
```

>    For example when the score of a badge is comprised between 500 and 1200 and that your score in the domain is 700.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For example, when the required score of a badge is between 500 and 1200 and that your score in the domain is 700.
```

   
|image7|

When you mouse over a badge, its information appear in a pop up:

-  Level
-  Name
-  Description

> -  The badge's points area

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  The badge's domain
```
